So we've gone through a lot here in this course.
There's a lot of AWS services that have been introduced here.
So what do you do next?
Well first, I want to encourage you, don't sign up for the exam just yet.
Wait until you make it through all four video courses, and later within
this path we'll walk you through the process of how you sign up for the
exam and ultimately how you take the exam.
Now, with this being said, you'll need to move on to the next course,
which is an Introduction to Security and Architecture in AWS.
But, what you need to study from this course is all of the material
that's contained within, first, the guided notes that you took over
this, and be sure that you thoroughly study the services list that
we've provided for this course because that information is definitely
going to be on the exam.
And as you'll learn later,
I even recommend that you take the service list from this course and
from the next course, and that's the last thing you look at before you
walk in and take your certification exam.
So I'm excited for you to move forward and take your next step
and complete this learning path so you can take your AWS Certified Cloud Practitioner exam.